c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\obj\Debug\UniversityStudentRatingService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\UniversityStudentRatingService.dll.config
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\UniversityStudentRatingService.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\UniversityStudentRatingService.pdb
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ServiceLogicLayer.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\DataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ServiceLogicLayer.pdb
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\obj\Debug\UniversityStudentRatingService.dll
c:\users\pro100gram\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\obj\Debug\UniversityStudentRatingService.pdb
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\UniversityStudentRatingService.dll.config
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\UniversityStudentRatingService.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\UniversityStudentRatingService.pdb
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\DataAccessLayer.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ServiceLogicLayer.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\DataAccessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ServiceLogicLayer.pdb
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\obj\Debug\UniversityStudentRatingService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\obj\Debug\UniversityStudentRatingService.dll
C:\Users\emely_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UniversityStudentRatingService\UniversityStudentRatingService\obj\Debug\UniversityStudentRatingService.pdb
